John Lackey you run you start off with 2
b'fast number nines one off the bench in
close race and friended would that be
consideration again the sheet yeah black
done really well Charles and Billy that
when he's been putting a lot of pressure
on buddybook so that's there's a bit of
opportunity there for those two boys by
the majority last year and started this
year the world to Charles Jonas huarache
your completion rates went in both hands
that were exceptionally quite happy with
Ellie I think you completed over ninety
percent yeah you'd like to put the
finger on that you know may give any
sort in general does in every week they
can be competitive as we speak therefore
controllable time and probably societal
bit too much the players here when i
turn the TV on
it's generally nicely written about
after a guy they're aware they don't
have to do a lot more time on the
pattern a lot of all over so we don't
need to mention an oval office but it
was very pleasing than I 10 last week
and in terrible disease with last week
we grew up around Simon switching the
person to the game no it's only a trial
netflix Billy day but we ended our daily
provision I definitely okay else by
single time I you know but I the exact
states about stats but I know we did a
little tackling tune
second half as you said calculations and
that option three more things to fajn
and I foreign shipping that the
completion about tonight that a little
bit if general good feeling how you
inside I know it's only in format but it
was pretty good for award
it was when I'm here to cart away
compilations health weekend last weekend
see kayla was detained out a bit early
in the second half of a sort of Piper's
I don't know
even so in the second half did you
change the style you're Peter becoming
in the middle of what more than playing
on either side so to part the game plan
that's probably the best thing about in
the heart that we have they I what they
say if you create a lot of space for
themselves but the only before is
probably didn't take out a little bit in
the second half because they were all
the targets there and they start to see
some ID out there that they don't let it
on our boards like the platform's around
the rocket now Maddie and I can sit back
in then he care the cattle with that
Scott that talking about populations are
important here is it go within their you
sort of getting a better understanding
about fifty go yeah we got a connection
at the moment this is everybody played
control games together so still go up to
improve on as a combination and as a
team as well p know so
none of you get any from your own mind
as coach 217 for two weeks off I don't
really know not at all in certain
positions yet but
the wing positions open positions for
both the bench or you know very very
difficult to make a call we'll work that
out got a week away it's going to
bootcamp situation next week do you
think about them a very much of a
headache epic that first to ya in a
plenty of land yeah yeah we haven't
picked up to me injuries so far so touch
wood knocks a society that we all talk
about the preseason though you did last
is put them together must be locked
better this year head combinations there
in 10 plays and dogs in a bit better so
not had a bit of preseason yeah are you
and what what happened last you till we
get probably we had 10 likes that
couldn't be a full-time funny because
they picked up injuries from their
previous clubs and had offseason surgery
so that probably mighta for harvest for
again because as you said the comet
Ison's went there anyway they're not
also
so I will be pretty lucky so far this
season so hopeful that soda so do i know
it was in the talking with a junkie i'm
shannon woman it's going to be in
sometime journey or was it the authority
has been running in the crazies yeah all
mine is a tremendous jung-in follow his
theories
you know you this came to learn you know
he just loves my friend that's what
crowds like to see box like that he's
got a lot to learn together he's kind of
learning all the time so as you said
you'd probably get attraction cards when
one made anyway it's going to be a law
about saving for you gotta get he's got
to stay healthy business the 90th yeah I
think I guys with anything you lose
three two or three you can't why's your
heart but before I do pull back and you
hooker or somehow that you're going to
start again sometimes so hyper would
stay injury-free got the last guy I mean
to a camp near let's have our stories I
gotta call saga of my mouth for five
days and I freaking off to a cracker
years ago actually brand new pup new
stuff it has a feeling we're starting
with the times yes my book so far only
us a quick my furs in here I want to
come
from across my family soon to feel in
row
listen joining
had a death and was plain funny as
the way he'll fighters when he like I'm
offering stiffening at the back drive
photo session that could be tried at 50
yeah I back up light a little bit day
last week and I did my sins
talking about cultures of property many
ways to be in a blue assess how you
wanted it one turn to
very similar to what we had in that
prison where you're under horse before
it as you get more closer where is he
nice or it's 15 today guys in a sort of
object often around groups but happy has
been good will worsen sticker
I know you're excited already you're
still a spider to get there yeah wrote a
star had a couple of injuries last over
the years with definitely my cards
priority